The female drum hits the sword
Your Royal Highness, I am Daijin Guoshi Agu
I heard that His Royal Highness the Prince is now in business
Has your building and court been reduced to this?
Just daily entertainment
Not to mention the imperial court or Guan Yu
Just the common people
It's a small thing to spend three or five hundred taels at random.
Believe in you, the people of Daxingguo
You don't care about the little money, do you?
Of course.
The local division is also very busy
This time, I came here mainly for the famous selection.
I heard that the hot summer is for women
Yan Yingying Yan Fei was also imprisoned by you, right?
The little girl was indeed imprisoned by His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
Very good His Royal Highness
You released the saintess and Concubine Yan together
I will pretend that this has never happened.
How to borrow the moon from a prince
Yan Fei is the princess of our country
How can you open your mouth to say
So what if I don't let it go?
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince has such a bottom line
That's not as good as you and I fighting spirit to win three games
How to read it
Take the border three ministers as a gamble
If the prince loses
Give me the saintess and Yan Fei
And gave up three cities to give us women
If you lose
Then I will offer 10,000 horses
And return
Previously occupied the two cities of your Great Xia Kingdom
How is it? I'm blocked.